Coa product data is testing concrete solutions for data collaboration across the e two e value chain to serve the various other coalitions such as on net zero deforestation and human rights.
Coa product data正在测试跨e两e价值链的数据协作的具体解决方案，以服务于其他各种联盟，如净零森林砍伐和人权联盟。

Welooked for a solution that connects product level data from its authentic source in the value chain in a secure and confidential manner, Simpleeasy and low cost based on open source Foundationswithout bender lock in leveraging existing GS one standards and we found a solution for data collaboration without data sharing
我们寻求一种解决方案，以安全、保密的方式将产品级数据从价值链中的真实来源连接起来，该解决方案基于开源基础，简单、易用、低成本，在利用现有GS One标准方面没有束缚，我们找到了一种无需数据共享的数据协作解决方案

The initial solution is designed and developed in working sessions and we are now looking for companies across the consumer goods value chain to embark on pilots to Co shape, to test and to demonstrate business value.
最初的解决方案是在工作会议中设计和开发的，我们现在正在寻找消费品价值链上的公司开始试点，以共同塑造，测试和展示商业价值。

Let 'sfirst have a look at the initial solutioning, Ultimatelythe value will e will come from machine to machine automated data connectivity.
让我们先看看最初的解决方案，最终的价值将来自机器到机器的自动化数据连接。

But that's difficult to demonstrate, in this video, Sowe will now look at how a human augmented flow of data collaboration between various entities in the value chain looks like.
但这很难证明，在这段视频中，Sowe现在将看看价值链中不同实体之间的人工增强数据协作流是什么样子的。

The sourcing manager of the retailer is planning to sell a new product and need some information like carbon footprint of that product so he can compare options and can communicate to consumers
零售商的采购经理正在计划销售一种新产品，需要一些信息，如该产品的碳足迹，以便他可以比较选项并与消费者沟通

An information campaign is started to obtain the specific information needed from authentic sources at the product level.
启动信息宣传活动，从产品级别的可靠来源获取所需的具体信息。

Forexample, the carbon footprint as well as deforestation and human rights compliance are addressed.
例如，碳足迹以及砍伐森林和遵守人权的问题都得到了解决。

Theaccount manager of the manufacturer receives the information request and realizes that this information will come from a range of internal and external data sources. Aconversation is started with the Gen AI AI tool to get further guidance on what data is required Variousinternal documents are uploaded
制造商的客户经理接收信息请求并意识到该信息将来自一系列内部和外部数据源。与Gen AI AI工具开始对话，以获得关于所需数据的进一步指导上传各种内部文件